
MP 2.1:
    1. every 4th row displays blue color
        fixed by using SCROLL_X_WIDTH instead of SCROLL_X_DIM
        due to incorrect indexing for accesses on the build buffer

    2. black line appears between scrolling region and status bar
        fixed by setting maximum scanline register to 363=0x16B instead of 364=0x16C
        likely due to some issue with where the display addresses began or VGA skipping a line?

    3. status bar only updates when moving
        fixed by creating a show status function separate from show screen
        show_screen is only called when the player moves, we need to update the status bar independent of when we update the screen (for the timer)

    4. fruit is does not disappear when collected
        fixed by drawing the player (and BG) on every game state and upon movement
        on every game update, we need to erase the fruit underneath the player
        on every movement, we need to also erase old player pixels

MP 2.2:
    1. wrong segments turn on in hex displays
        DP bit was incorrectly set to 5 rather than 4
    2. reset button turns on the wrong hex segments
        did not offset send buffer properly
    3. can only set 4 hex displays at once
        must change number of bytes sent depending on LED mask
    4. buttons don't respond after initialization and setting LEDs
        forgot to change set button interrupt generation helper to not use tux_info struct
    5. screen flickers in mazegame
        did not remove printk's in tux driver. printk's seemingly show and conflict with the current screen despite being in graphics mode
    6. wall and status bar color cycle was stuck at black
        incorrectly masked 0xF rather than 0x7 for the color cycle index
    7. text appears garbled on the screen
        incorrectly indexed the output of text to graphics function. forgot these were using planes rather than row-major order
    8. text was not cut off on the left side of the screen
        did not account for x_left offset and thus indexing the mask incorrectly